Update FIPS Proxy version to 0.5.4 (#1128)
DataDog/helm-charts: charts/datadog/CHANGELOG.md

# Datadog changelog

## 3.33.4

> * Increase the health checks inteval from 2 to 10 seconds in the FIPS compliant side car container 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update `fips.image.tag` to `0.5.4` increasing the health checks interval from 2 to 10 seconds in the FIPS compliant side car container
```
